



***********I need to understand what my tool set is in javascript...*************





 We need to generate a random password from 26 letters, and 13 special characters. We can create arrays for these values, then use a function to choose a random character from each arrAY,  a total of (between 8 and 128 times). this will  create a truly random password from our available variables, which can be validated, and displayed to our user in a beautiful front end box. yippee

1. create an array assinging each letter of alphabet to an index position.

2.Create an array consisting of non-alpha characters and assign them an index position. 

3. Prompt user for length

4.prompt user for special characters

5.Choose characters from arrays using math.random (and math.floor?) function

6. Each index position will be assigned to a different character. 

7. need a function to randomly choose between special characters array and alphachar array.


Description
Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code.

The user will be prompted to choose from the following password criteria:

1.Length (must be between 8 and 128 characters)

We need to find a way to log and store a minimum of 8 keystrokds/ max 128 keystrokes

So, how are we going to store this information, how are we  going to call and validate this infomation, and 

In an Array?
In in Array located within an object?






Character type:



The application should validate user input and ensure that at least one character type is selected.
---This means that a prompt will regurgitate info to user based on their input. (what is the function to ensure one character type is selected?)

Once all prompts are answered, the user will be presented with a password matching the answered prompts. Displaying the generated password in an alert is acceptable, but attempt to write the password to the page instead.


So we need to take information into an Array based on a certain criteria, and then present that information to the user via console.log

As a bonus, the user should also have the option to click a button to copy the password to their clipboard.



3.

Your application should have a clean and polished user interface and be responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.

Your application should be deployed to GitHub Pages.

Your application's GitHub repository should contain a README.md file explaining the purpose and functionality of the application. The README.md file should include a screenshot of the completed application as well as a link to the deployed GitHub Pages URL.